Add authentication documentation and update the copyright year (#185)
wso2/docs-updates: en/docs/updates/authentication.md

## How Authentication Works in the Update Tool

You require a WSO2 account to use the Update Tool.
Need a WSO2 Account? [Sign up](https://wso2.com/user/register)

---

### Authentication Priority

When a command is executed, the tool resolves credentials using the following hierarchy. The first available method is used:

| Priority | Method                    | Details                                                                     |
| -------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **1**    | **CLI Flags**             | `--username` and `--password` flags passed directly via the terminal.       |
| **2**    | **Environment Variables** | `UPDATE_TOOL_USERNAME` and `UPDATE_TOOL_PASSWORD` set in the shell session. |
| **3**    | **Interactive**           | Prompts the user for credentials.                                           |

---

### Session Lifecycle

> Authentication is performed once per command invocation — your credentials are exchanged for a short-lived token. For security, tokens are stored in the session environment, never written to disk, and are inaccessible to your parent shell or any process outside the Update Tool and its direct children. The moment the command exits, the token is discarded and the session environment is cleared. No credentials or session state persist between invocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication is performed once per command invocation — your credentials are exchanged for a short-lived token. For security, tokens are stored in the session environment, never written to disk, and are inaccessible to your parent shell or any process outside the Update Tool. The moment the command exits, the token is discarded and the session environment is cleared. No credentials or session state persist between invocations.
```

---

### CI/CD and Automation

> For non-interactive environments such as GitHub Actions, Jenkins, or GitLab CI, export the following environment variables before invoking the tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For non-interactive environments such as GitHub Actions, Jenkins, or GitLab CI, set the following environment variables before invoking the tool:

Example:
```
